By the way, I have ordered my subordinates
Stop offering Xiao Liang to Tao Ran Restaurant
By the way, now you and I are scolding on the same rope
If you can't swallow Li Rongfa
Then I'm done.
Don't worry, after it's done
I will definitely treat you to a good drink
Something's wrong. I've always felt wrong
President, what's wrong?
Lin Yi likes to play tricks the most
My cooperation with him is only superficial
There will be a showdown after all
I doubt it.
He's already done it, so what should we do?
Wait until I believe his steps are too big
Wait for him to show his fangs
We will
kill in one hit
The president is wise
Just because he is supernatural, he wants to fight me
You order the people below
Keep an eye on divorce recently
What else is there? Report to me as soon as possible.
Yes
Uncle, come have a drink, the president will be the president
Why are you still in the mood to have fun here?
We put on Kowloon and it's over
Damn it, it's alright, it's alright, get out of here
Really received the message
70% of the industries in Jiangnan Dajin have been shut down
Uh-huh.